CNV#44566: workloadUpdateMethods is backed up in an environment variable (#79235)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-preventing-workload-updates-during-eus-update.adoc

+
The update completes when the `VERSION` field matches the target EUS version and the `PHASE` field reads `Succeeded`.

> . Restore the `workloadUpdateMethods` configuration that you recorded earlier with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Restore the `workloadUpdateMethods` configuration you recorded from step 1 with the following command:
```
Just a suggestion, but I think referring to the step as opposed to "from earlier" would be clearer here.
